Adds warning in doc about lab design on macos (#19)
SofaComplianceRobotics/docs-support: docs/Users/EmioLabs/emio-labs-user-manual.md

:::

### Running Emio Labs on MacOS
:::warning

> The design Lab (Lab 3) is not working on MacOS due to an issue with `gmsh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Lab Design](https://docs-support.compliance-robotics.com/docs/next/Users/EmioLabs/find-labs/#lab---design) is not working on MacOS due to an issue with `gmsh`.
```
